my name is Craig dot camp I'm from
Sydney in Australia and I cycle on a
commute to work every single day I've
been cycling since I was a kid I was I
was cycling to work about 8 o'clock in
the morning through pretty dense peak
hour traffic and I I rolled through a
red light preemptively thinking that it
was going to turn green but it didn't a
different set of lights turn green big
intersection and I ended up in the
middle of the intersection with a whole
bunch of cars and bikes coming from
every single angle and I tried I tried
to get out of the intersection but I
managed to cycle straight into the side
of a an oncoming taxi and put right side
of my head through the you know the back
passenger window I got pretty seriously
injured I got severe lacerations from
just above my ear to the middle of my
for I've got about 3 different cuts that
went all the way down to the bone
I got about 200 stitches underneath this
pretty pink thing and then I got a
couple running down side of my face here
and some big beautiful black eyes don't
be irrational don't try and be the hero
don't try and run through red lights
just because you can because you don't
know what's around the corner you
actually don't know what's going to
happen especially when you're on a bike
it's so easy to roll through a red light
without even thinking it's so easy to
just not even consider the consequences
but I think I think I I don't think I'll
ever go through a red light ever again
you